Microsoft Graph Security API v1/v2 (#2745)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/microsoft-graph-identity-protection.md

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/ms-graph.svg')} alt="dropbox-icon.png" width="50"/>

> The Microsoft Graph Identity Protection App for Sumo Logic provides organizations with advanced security monitoring and analytics capabilities for their Microsoft Graph Identity Protection data. The app leverages Sumo Logic's [cloud-to-cloud source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/microsoft-graph-security-api-v1-source) to collect and analyze data from the Microsoft Graph Identity Protection Source, allowing organizations to proactively identify potential security risks and take action to mitigate them.

Author: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Graph Identity Protection App for Sumo Logic provides organizations with advanced security monitoring and analytics capabilities for their Microsoft Graph Identity Protection data. The app leverages Sumo Logic's [cloud-to-cloud source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/ms-graph-identity-protection-source) to collect and analyze data from the Microsoft Graph Identity Protection Source, allowing organizations to proactively identify potential security risks and take action to mitigate them.
```
